I'm not in a terribly good position to
give you a product review for this
designer vegan purse although I'm
qualified because I'm vegan I'm not the
sort of man who has use for a purse not
in a daily basis the material looks a
lot like leather that could be an
advantage or disadvantage depending on
your perspective because many people
will assume you're using real leather
with that surface this is a fashionably
small purse out there coins on the table
to give you a sense of scale in my case
I'm buying it as a gift for my
two-year-old daughter she's going to
turn three relatively soon so i'll put
some other gifts inside and send it as a
package to her for a birthday I really
think long and hard about gifts to send
my daughter I've complained in recent
videos that it's sort of tough living in
a world where everything is mass
manufactured plastic from China to find
something in any way meaningful a little
while ago I sent her a bicycle specially
made bicycle for toddlers I never heard
anything back about her riding at her
using it or what her mother did with it
and I admit although bicycle is a nice
gift bicycle is an imposition on the
parents as well as on the child um you
know I don't know I don't know if had a
place to keep the bicycle and so on
might be an annoyance as I said in hear
back about that the last time I saw my
daughter you you've seen here on YouTube
there's a video of me playing board
games with her I bought several board
games and gave them to her as gifts she
liked those but it seemed that she was
already too sophisticated for stuffed
animals she did not particularly enjoy
the stuffed animals one way or another I
don't know if that was just that day or
if she has really had it with stuffed
animals you can see on the writing on
the interior by the way it says this
lining is made out of recycled plastic
bottles what exactly the exterior is
made of I don't know and it's a Canadian
brand they claim to be Canadian
designers and so on but like so much in
this world it turns out it's made in
China so
designed in Canada shipped to me from
canada canadian company madden that but
made in china natural mole anyway
obviously you can probably tell them
sighs man this is meant to be a small
fashionable purse for a fashionable
grown woman but from my perspective it's
something perfectly good for my daughter
to carry around her marbles in her
colored pencils was actually thinking
about putting a paint kit inside having
some yeah I have a little a little kit
with colored paint and a paintbrush in
there and you know one of the things
that they really put this idea man I was
thinking about what did I enjoy my
earliest childhood memories is being a
toddler and so on and I can remember my
mother had a suitcase with this type of
fascinating and i love that I'd you know
the the magnet having the two pieces of
metal slide together and so on that
fascinated me to play with that as a
very very young child and you know a lot
of other toys I don't know I don't think
they're all that much fun for kids uh
and as I say it also just seems weird
buying something you know was his kind
of a worthless piece of plastic but
anyway she could have fun with this
carrying around her her pencil crayons
as a young child and in theory it could
last a lifetime she could use it as a as
a real purse as a teenager or a young
woman years down the line so as I say
that's mad in that that is made out of
fake leather